KIC 3.0: Install on GKE (#6418)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_src/kubernetes-ingress-controller/install/cloud/gke.md

purpose: |
  Additional information needed to install KIC on GKE
---

## Prerequisites

* [Set up an GKE cluster](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/).
* Install `kubectl` and update your `kubeconfig` to point to the GKE Kubernetes cluster by running `gcloud container clusters get-credentials <my-cluster-name> --zone <my-zone> --project <my-project-id>`

{% include_cached /md/kic/deploy-kic-v3.md version=page.version %}

## Setup environment variables

> Create an environment variable with the address at which Kong is accessible. This address sends requests to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create an environment variable with the IP address at which Kong is accessible. This IP address sends requests to the
```

Kubernetes cluster.

> 1. Get the IP address at which Kong is accessible:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Get the IP address at which Kong is accessible.
```

    ```bash
    $ kubectl get services -n kong
    ```
   The results should look like this:
   ```text
   NAME                 TYPE           CLUSTER-IP      EXTERNAL-IP                           PORT(S)                      AGE
   kong-gateway-proxy                   LoadBalancer   34.118.227.63    34.28.38.36   80:32683/TCP,443:30798/TCP      5m2s
   ```

> 1. Create an environment variable to hold the ELB hostname:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create an environment variable for the ELB hostname.
```
